I must say, it absolutely sucks for me that this class' cadence was disrupted from week 1 by the blizzard. I guess I mis-interpreted the cadence expectations after the blizzard, and I have been about 2 weeks behind since the first week of class. It is VERY unfortunate and frustrating for me, because as the rest of the class is learning about module 10, I am still working my way through module 8. I intentionally skipped a class in module 10 because I was struggling with Challenge 8, and I was afraid that attempting to participate in 'future' material would detract me from my studies in module 8, and make my learning process more difficult.

Furthermore, module 8 would not be so challenging for everyone if it were split into two modules. The steps and instructions are vague at best, and have very little description or confirmation. And then to try and copy the module content with such vague directives to the challenge and expect accurate results; seems like a recipe for failure to me. This module was very confusing and difficult to navigate, and that stress is only compounded by the fact that I was still trying to figuring out module 6 while the class was discussing module 8; and when I finally worked my way to module 8 on my own, the class was then discussing module 10.

I have been basically reviewing the material and teaching myself this entire course, with the classes serving as a DETRIMENT because it is more difficult to learn new material while I am required to participate in a 2-hour class that is reviewing material that I haven't even gotten to yet! I feel like I would have gotten more out of this class if I had paid $11k for the course material and been allowed to work through it on my own time; rather than being mandated to attend classes and review material that I am not familiar with, while still trying to work through prerequisites! It is counter-intuitive. I feel like I have to work twice as hard to retain attendance, work through the material on my own, and try to ignore classes that ultimately confuse me while I am trying to learn prerequisite material. I have a 100% in the class right now, but I am falling behind because I am working through the material on my own and without assistance. I work from 8:30 am - 9 pm on the weekends, so office hours are unavailable to me. I am not happy that I spend $11k on coursework that I could have done 'self-paced'; without any mandatory post-requisite material to cloud my judgement while I am still trying to figure out the prerequisites: which were also distracted by postrequisite material. I am not a happy customer. :-(